Challenge answer
Which houses should de CEO of House Rocket buy and a what purchase price? The homes that the CEO must buy are divided into two groups, the first one consists of a house with all the ideal attributes and that is priced well below the average for that profile (id number: 7284900030), so the recommended purchase price is around $774,470.00 to sell after for 1,475,000 dollars. The second one consists of two houses with a great location and a much lower price than the average for that location with an ideal square feet (id number 9808590210 / 644210020) and the recommended purchase price is around 919,770.00 to sell after for 1,532,950

Once the house is owned by the company, what's the best moment to sell it and what would be the sale price? The best moment to sell the house is from April to June, more precisely in April, since these months have the highest average price and also a good frequency of sales

The House Rocket should do some renovation to increase the sale price? What would be the suggestions for changes? What is the increase in the price given for each renovation option? Yes, the house rocket should do some renovation to the houses of the second group, increase the number of bathroom to 3 will allow to increase the price of the houses in approximately 340 thousand dollars without needing to sacrifice much of the frequency of sales.

What's the ideal house's profile based on average price and frequency? The ideal house's profile is one that has a combination of attributes that increase the value of the house and that are sold with good frequency. So the ideal home should have between 3000 to 4000ft², 9 grades, 3 to 3.75 bathrooms, 4 views, 3 or 4 conditions and 4 bedrooms. It is not surprising that the average price of houses with these attributes is 1.475 million dollars, well above the general average.
